# Bike_Share
Project to forecast Bike Share Demand
 

## Description
Bike sharing systems are a means of renting bicycles where the process of obtaining membership, rental, and bike return is automated via a network of kiosk locations throughout a city. Using these systems, people are able rent a bike from a one location and return it to a different place on an as-needed basis. Currently, there are over 500 bike-sharing programs around the world.

The data generated by these systems makes them attractive for researchers because the duration of travel, departure location, arrival location, and time elapsed is explicitly recorded. Bike sharing systems therefore function as a sensor network, which can be used for studying mobility in a city. In this competition, participants are asked to combine historical usage patterns with weather data in order to forecast bike rental demand in the Capital Bikeshare program in Washington, D.C.

The training set is comprised of the first 19 days of each month, while the test set is the 20th to the end of the month. The objective is to predict the total count of bikes rented during each hour covered by the test set, using only information available prior to the rental period.


## Objective
In this project, I will perform EDA on the data bike sharing training data and inform the feature selection / engineering to be fed into the models. Afterwards, I will create pipelines to preprocess the data and train several models before selecting a champion model. 
